# CMAKE generated file: DO NOT EDIT!
# Generated by "Unix Makefiles" Generator, CMake Version 2.4

# Default target executed when no arguments are given to make.
default_target: all

#=============================================================================
# Special targets provided by cmake.

# Disable implicit rules so canoncical targets will work.
.SUFFIXES:

.SUFFIXES: .hpux_make_needs_suffix_list

# Suppress display of executed commands.
$(VERBOSE).SILENT:

# A target that is always out of date.
cmake_force:

#=============================================================================
# Set environment variables for the build.

# The shell in which to execute make rules.
SHELL = /bin/sh

# The CMake executable.
CMAKE_COMMAND = /usr/bin/cmake

# The command to remove a file.
RM = /usr/bin/cmake -E remove -f

# The program to use to edit the cache.
CMAKE_EDIT_COMMAND = /usr/bin/ccmake

# The top-level source directory on which CMake was run.
CMAKE_SOURCE_DIR = /Users/bhattgopal/dev/cpp/qgis_1.0.2

# The top-level build directory on which CMake was run.
CMAKE_BINARY_DIR = /Users/bhattgopal/dev/cpp/qgis_1.0.2/build

# Include the progress variables for this target.
include CMakeFiles/progress.make

#=============================================================================
# Targets provided globally by CMake.

# Special rule for the target edit_cache
edit_cache:
	@$(CMAKE_COMMAND) -E cmake_echo_color --switch=$(COLOR) --cyan "Running CMake cache editor..."
	cd /Users/bhattgopal/dev/cpp/qgis_1.0.2/build/src/gui && /usr/bin/ccmake -H$(CMAKE_SOURCE_DIR) -B$(CMAKE_BINARY_DIR)

# Special rule for the target edit_cache
edit_cache/fast: edit_cache

# Special rule for the target install
install: preinstall
	@$(CMAKE_COMMAND) -E cmake_echo_color --switch=$(COLOR) --cyan "Install the project..."
	cd /Users/bhattgopal/dev/cpp/qgis_1.0.2/build/src/gui && /usr/bin/cmake -P cmake_install.cmake

# Special rule for the target install
install/fast: preinstall/fast
	@$(CMAKE_COMMAND) -E cmake_echo_color --switch=$(COLOR) --cyan "Install the project..."
	cd /Users/bhattgopal/dev/cpp/qgis_1.0.2/build/src/gui && /usr/bin/cmake -P cmake_install.cmake

# Special rule for the target install/local
install/local: preinstall
	@$(CMAKE_COMMAND) -E cmake_echo_color --switch=$(COLOR) --cyan "Installing only the local directory..."
	cd /Users/bhattgopal/dev/cpp/qgis_1.0.2/build/src/gui && /usr/bin/cmake -DCMAKE_INSTALL_LOCAL_ONLY=1 -P cmake_install.cmake

# Special rule for the target install/local
install/local/fast: install/local

# Special rule for the target list_install_components
list_install_components:
	@$(CMAKE_COMMAND) -E cmake_echo_color --switch=$(COLOR) --cyan "Available install components are: \"Unspecified\""

# Special rule for the target list_install_components
list_install_components/fast: list_install_components

# Special rule for the target package
package: preinstall
	@$(CMAKE_COMMAND) -E cmake_echo_color --switch=$(COLOR) --cyan "Run CPack packaging tool..."
	cd /Users/bhattgopal/dev/cpp/qgis_1.0.2/build/src/gui && /usr/bin/cpack --config /Users/bhattgopal/dev/cpp/qgis_1.0.2/build/CPackConfig.cmake

# Special rule for the target package
package/fast: package

# Special rule for the target package_source
package_source:
	@$(CMAKE_COMMAND) -E cmake_echo_color --switch=$(COLOR) --cyan "Run CPack packaging tool for source..."
	cd /Users/bhattgopal/dev/cpp/qgis_1.0.2/build/src/gui && /usr/bin/cpack --config /Users/bhattgopal/dev/cpp/qgis_1.0.2/build/CPackSourceConfig.cmake

# Special rule for the target package_source
package_source/fast: package_source

# Special rule for the target rebuild_cache
rebuild_cache:
	@$(CMAKE_COMMAND) -E cmake_echo_color --switch=$(COLOR) --cyan "Running CMake to regenerate build system..."
	cd /Users/bhattgopal/dev/cpp/qgis_1.0.2/build/src/gui && /usr/bin/cmake -H$(CMAKE_SOURCE_DIR) -B$(CMAKE_BINARY_DIR)

# Special rule for the target rebuild_cache
rebuild_cache/fast: rebuild_cache

# The main all target
all: cmake_check_build_system
	cd /Users/bhattgopal/dev/cpp/qgis_1.0.2/build && $(CMAKE_COMMAND) -E cmake_progress_start /Users/bhattgopal/dev/cpp/qgis_1.0.2/build/CMakeFiles $(CMAKE_ALL_PROGRESS)
	cd /Users/bhattgopal/dev/cpp/qgis_1.0.2/build && $(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/Makefile2 src/gui/all
	$(CMAKE_COMMAND) -E cmake_progress_start /Users/bhattgopal/dev/cpp/qgis_1.0.2/build/CMakeFiles 0

# The main clean target
clean:
	cd /Users/bhattgopal/dev/cpp/qgis_1.0.2/build && $(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/Makefile2 src/gui/clean

# The main clean target
clean/fast: clean

# Prepare targets for installation.
preinstall: all
	cd /Users/bhattgopal/dev/cpp/qgis_1.0.2/build && $(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/Makefile2 src/gui/preinstall

# Prepare targets for installation.
preinstall/fast:
	cd /Users/bhattgopal/dev/cpp/qgis_1.0.2/build && $(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/Makefile2 src/gui/preinstall

# clear depends
depend:
	$(CMAKE_COMMAND) -H$(CMAKE_SOURCE_DIR) -B$(CMAKE_BINARY_DIR) --check-build-system CMakeFiles/Makefile.cmake 1

# Convenience name for target.
src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/rule:
	cd /Users/bhattgopal/dev/cpp/qgis_1.0.2/build && $(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/Makefile2 src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/rule

# Convenience name for target.
qgis_gui: src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/rule

# fast build rule for target.
qgis_gui/fast:
	cd /Users/bhattgopal/dev/cpp/qgis_1.0.2/build && $(MAKE) -f src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/build.make src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/build

# target to build an object file
moc_qgisinterface.o:
	cd /Users/bhattgopal/dev/cpp/qgis_1.0.2/build && $(MAKE) -f src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/build.make src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/moc_qgisinterface.o

# target to preprocess a source file
moc_qgisinterface.i:
	cd /Users/bhattgopal/dev/cpp/qgis_1.0.2/build && $(MAKE) -f src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/build.make src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/moc_qgisinterface.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
moc_qgisinterface.s:
	cd /Users/bhattgopal/dev/cpp/qgis_1.0.2/build && $(MAKE) -f src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/build.make src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/moc_qgisinterface.s

# target to build an object file
moc_qgscomposerview.o:
	cd /Users/bhattgopal/dev/cpp/qgis_1.0.2/build && $(MAKE) -f src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/build.make src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/moc_qgscomposerview.o

# target to preprocess a source file
moc_qgscomposerview.i:
	cd /Users/bhattgopal/dev/cpp/qgis_1.0.2/build && $(MAKE) -f src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/build.make src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/moc_qgscomposerview.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
moc_qgscomposerview.s:
	cd /Users/bhattgopal/dev/cpp/qgis_1.0.2/build && $(MAKE) -f src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/build.make src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/moc_qgscomposerview.s

# target to build an object file
moc_qgsdetaileditemdelegate.o:
	cd /Users/bhattgopal/dev/cpp/qgis_1.0.2/build && $(MAKE) -f src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/build.make src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/moc_qgsdetaileditemdelegate.o

# target to preprocess a source file
moc_qgsdetaileditemdelegate.i:
	cd /Users/bhattgopal/dev/cpp/qgis_1.0.2/build && $(MAKE) -f src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/build.make src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/moc_qgsdetaileditemdelegate.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
moc_qgsdetaileditemdelegate.s:
	cd /Users/bhattgopal/dev/cpp/qgis_1.0.2/build && $(MAKE) -f src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/build.make src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/moc_qgsdetaileditemdelegate.s

# target to build an object file
moc_qgsdetaileditemwidget.o:
	cd /Users/bhattgopal/dev/cpp/qgis_1.0.2/build && $(MAKE) -f src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/build.make src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/moc_qgsdetaileditemwidget.o

# target to preprocess a source file
moc_qgsdetaileditemwidget.i:
	cd /Users/bhattgopal/dev/cpp/qgis_1.0.2/build && $(MAKE) -f src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/build.make src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/moc_qgsdetaileditemwidget.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
moc_qgsdetaileditemwidget.s:
	cd /Users/bhattgopal/dev/cpp/qgis_1.0.2/build && $(MAKE) -f src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/build.make src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/moc_qgsdetaileditemwidget.s

# target to build an object file
moc_qgsencodingfiledialog.o:
	cd /Users/bhattgopal/dev/cpp/qgis_1.0.2/build && $(MAKE) -f src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/build.make src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/moc_qgsencodingfiledialog.o

# target to preprocess a source file
moc_qgsencodingfiledialog.i:
	cd /Users/bhattgopal/dev/cpp/qgis_1.0.2/build && $(MAKE) -f src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/build.make src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/moc_qgsencodingfiledialog.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
moc_qgsencodingfiledialog.s:
	cd /Users/bhattgopal/dev/cpp/qgis_1.0.2/build && $(MAKE) -f src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/build.make src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/moc_qgsencodingfiledialog.s

# target to build an object file
moc_qgsgenericprojectionselector.o:
	cd /Users/bhattgopal/dev/cpp/qgis_1.0.2/build && $(MAKE) -f src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/build.make src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/moc_qgsgenericprojectionselector.o

# target to preprocess a source file
moc_qgsgenericprojectionselector.i:
	cd /Users/bhattgopal/dev/cpp/qgis_1.0.2/build && $(MAKE) -f src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/build.make src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/moc_qgsgenericprojectionselector.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
moc_qgsgenericprojectionselector.s:
	cd /Users/bhattgopal/dev/cpp/qgis_1.0.2/build && $(MAKE) -f src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/build.make src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/moc_qgsgenericprojectionselector.s

# target to build an object file
moc_qgsmapcanvas.o:
	cd /Users/bhattgopal/dev/cpp/qgis_1.0.2/build && $(MAKE) -f src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/build.make src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/moc_qgsmapcanvas.o

# target to preprocess a source file
moc_qgsmapcanvas.i:
	cd /Users/bhattgopal/dev/cpp/qgis_1.0.2/build && $(MAKE) -f src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/build.make src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/moc_qgsmapcanvas.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
moc_qgsmapcanvas.s:
	cd /Users/bhattgopal/dev/cpp/qgis_1.0.2/build && $(MAKE) -f src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/build.make src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/moc_qgsmapcanvas.s

# target to build an object file
moc_qgsmapoverviewcanvas.o:
	cd /Users/bhattgopal/dev/cpp/qgis_1.0.2/build && $(MAKE) -f src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/build.make src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/moc_qgsmapoverviewcanvas.o

# target to preprocess a source file
moc_qgsmapoverviewcanvas.i:
	cd /Users/bhattgopal/dev/cpp/qgis_1.0.2/build && $(MAKE) -f src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/build.make src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/moc_qgsmapoverviewcanvas.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
moc_qgsmapoverviewcanvas.s:
	cd /Users/bhattgopal/dev/cpp/qgis_1.0.2/build && $(MAKE) -f src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/build.make src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/moc_qgsmapoverviewcanvas.s

# target to build an object file
moc_qgsmaptoolemitpoint.o:
	cd /Users/bhattgopal/dev/cpp/qgis_1.0.2/build && $(MAKE) -f src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/build.make src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/moc_qgsmaptoolemitpoint.o

# target to preprocess a source file
moc_qgsmaptoolemitpoint.i:
	cd /Users/bhattgopal/dev/cpp/qgis_1.0.2/build && $(MAKE) -f src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/build.make src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/moc_qgsmaptoolemitpoint.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
moc_qgsmaptoolemitpoint.s:
	cd /Users/bhattgopal/dev/cpp/qgis_1.0.2/build && $(MAKE) -f src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/build.make src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/moc_qgsmaptoolemitpoint.s

# target to build an object file
moc_qgsmessageviewer.o:
	cd /Users/bhattgopal/dev/cpp/qgis_1.0.2/build && $(MAKE) -f src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/build.make src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/moc_qgsmessageviewer.o

# target to preprocess a source file
moc_qgsmessageviewer.i:
	cd /Users/bhattgopal/dev/cpp/qgis_1.0.2/build && $(MAKE) -f src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/build.make src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/moc_qgsmessageviewer.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
moc_qgsmessageviewer.s:
	cd /Users/bhattgopal/dev/cpp/qgis_1.0.2/build && $(MAKE) -f src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/build.make src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/moc_qgsmessageviewer.s

# target to build an object file
moc_qgsprojectionselector.o:
	cd /Users/bhattgopal/dev/cpp/qgis_1.0.2/build && $(MAKE) -f src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/build.make src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/moc_qgsprojectionselector.o

# target to preprocess a source file
moc_qgsprojectionselector.i:
	cd /Users/bhattgopal/dev/cpp/qgis_1.0.2/build && $(MAKE) -f src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/build.make src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/moc_qgsprojectionselector.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
moc_qgsprojectionselector.s:
	cd /Users/bhattgopal/dev/cpp/qgis_1.0.2/build && $(MAKE) -f src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/build.make src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/moc_qgsprojectionselector.s

# target to build an object file
moc_qgsquickprint.o:
	cd /Users/bhattgopal/dev/cpp/qgis_1.0.2/build && $(MAKE) -f src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/build.make src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/moc_qgsquickprint.o

# target to preprocess a source file
moc_qgsquickprint.i:
	cd /Users/bhattgopal/dev/cpp/qgis_1.0.2/build && $(MAKE) -f src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/build.make src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/moc_qgsquickprint.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
moc_qgsquickprint.s:
	cd /Users/bhattgopal/dev/cpp/qgis_1.0.2/build && $(MAKE) -f src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/build.make src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/moc_qgsquickprint.s

# target to build an object file
qgisgui.o:
	cd /Users/bhattgopal/dev/cpp/qgis_1.0.2/build && $(MAKE) -f src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/build.make src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/qgisgui.o

# target to preprocess a source file
qgisgui.i:
	cd /Users/bhattgopal/dev/cpp/qgis_1.0.2/build && $(MAKE) -f src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/build.make src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/qgisgui.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
qgisgui.s:
	cd /Users/bhattgopal/dev/cpp/qgis_1.0.2/build && $(MAKE) -f src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/build.make src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/qgisgui.s

# target to build an object file
qgisinterface.o:
	cd /Users/bhattgopal/dev/cpp/qgis_1.0.2/build && $(MAKE) -f src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/build.make src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/qgisinterface.o

# target to preprocess a source file
qgisinterface.i:
	cd /Users/bhattgopal/dev/cpp/qgis_1.0.2/build && $(MAKE) -f src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/build.make src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/qgisinterface.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
qgisinterface.s:
	cd /Users/bhattgopal/dev/cpp/qgis_1.0.2/build && $(MAKE) -f src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/build.make src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/qgisinterface.s

# target to build an object file
qgscolorbutton.o:
	cd /Users/bhattgopal/dev/cpp/qgis_1.0.2/build && $(MAKE) -f src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/build.make src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/qgscolorbutton.o

# target to preprocess a source file
qgscolorbutton.i:
	cd /Users/bhattgopal/dev/cpp/qgis_1.0.2/build && $(MAKE) -f src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/build.make src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/qgscolorbutton.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
qgscolorbutton.s:
	cd /Users/bhattgopal/dev/cpp/qgis_1.0.2/build && $(MAKE) -f src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/build.make src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/qgscolorbutton.s

# target to build an object file
qgscomposerview.o:
	cd /Users/bhattgopal/dev/cpp/qgis_1.0.2/build && $(MAKE) -f src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/build.make src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/qgscomposerview.o

# target to preprocess a source file
qgscomposerview.i:
	cd /Users/bhattgopal/dev/cpp/qgis_1.0.2/build && $(MAKE) -f src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/build.make src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/qgscomposerview.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
qgscomposerview.s:
	cd /Users/bhattgopal/dev/cpp/qgis_1.0.2/build && $(MAKE) -f src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/build.make src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/qgscomposerview.s

# target to build an object file
qgscursors.o:
	cd /Users/bhattgopal/dev/cpp/qgis_1.0.2/build && $(MAKE) -f src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/build.make src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/qgscursors.o

# target to preprocess a source file
qgscursors.i:
	cd /Users/bhattgopal/dev/cpp/qgis_1.0.2/build && $(MAKE) -f src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/build.make src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/qgscursors.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
qgscursors.s:
	cd /Users/bhattgopal/dev/cpp/qgis_1.0.2/build && $(MAKE) -f src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/build.make src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/qgscursors.s

# target to build an object file
qgsdetaileditemdata.o:
	cd /Users/bhattgopal/dev/cpp/qgis_1.0.2/build && $(MAKE) -f src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/build.make src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/qgsdetaileditemdata.o

# target to preprocess a source file
qgsdetaileditemdata.i:
	cd /Users/bhattgopal/dev/cpp/qgis_1.0.2/build && $(MAKE) -f src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/build.make src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/qgsdetaileditemdata.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
qgsdetaileditemdata.s:
	cd /Users/bhattgopal/dev/cpp/qgis_1.0.2/build && $(MAKE) -f src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/build.make src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/qgsdetaileditemdata.s

# target to build an object file
qgsdetaileditemdelegate.o:
	cd /Users/bhattgopal/dev/cpp/qgis_1.0.2/build && $(MAKE) -f src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/build.make src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/qgsdetaileditemdelegate.o

# target to preprocess a source file
qgsdetaileditemdelegate.i:
	cd /Users/bhattgopal/dev/cpp/qgis_1.0.2/build && $(MAKE) -f src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/build.make src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/qgsdetaileditemdelegate.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
qgsdetaileditemdelegate.s:
	cd /Users/bhattgopal/dev/cpp/qgis_1.0.2/build && $(MAKE) -f src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/build.make src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/qgsdetaileditemdelegate.s

# target to build an object file
qgsdetaileditemwidget.o:
	cd /Users/bhattgopal/dev/cpp/qgis_1.0.2/build && $(MAKE) -f src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/build.make src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/qgsdetaileditemwidget.o

# target to preprocess a source file
qgsdetaileditemwidget.i:
	cd /Users/bhattgopal/dev/cpp/qgis_1.0.2/build && $(MAKE) -f src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/build.make src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/qgsdetaileditemwidget.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
qgsdetaileditemwidget.s:
	cd /Users/bhattgopal/dev/cpp/qgis_1.0.2/build && $(MAKE) -f src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/build.make src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/qgsdetaileditemwidget.s

# target to build an object file
qgsencodingfiledialog.o:
	cd /Users/bhattgopal/dev/cpp/qgis_1.0.2/build && $(MAKE) -f src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/build.make src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/qgsencodingfiledialog.o

# target to preprocess a source file
qgsencodingfiledialog.i:
	cd /Users/bhattgopal/dev/cpp/qgis_1.0.2/build && $(MAKE) -f src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/build.make src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/qgsencodingfiledialog.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
qgsencodingfiledialog.s:
	cd /Users/bhattgopal/dev/cpp/qgis_1.0.2/build && $(MAKE) -f src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/build.make src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/qgsencodingfiledialog.s

# target to build an object file
qgsfiledropedit.o:
	cd /Users/bhattgopal/dev/cpp/qgis_1.0.2/build && $(MAKE) -f src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/build.make src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/qgsfiledropedit.o

# target to preprocess a source file
qgsfiledropedit.i:
	cd /Users/bhattgopal/dev/cpp/qgis_1.0.2/build && $(MAKE) -f src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/build.make src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/qgsfiledropedit.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
qgsfiledropedit.s:
	cd /Users/bhattgopal/dev/cpp/qgis_1.0.2/build && $(MAKE) -f src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/build.make src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/qgsfiledropedit.s

# target to build an object file
qgsgenericprojectionselector.o:
	cd /Users/bhattgopal/dev/cpp/qgis_1.0.2/build && $(MAKE) -f src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/build.make src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/qgsgenericprojectionselector.o

# target to preprocess a source file
qgsgenericprojectionselector.i:
	cd /Users/bhattgopal/dev/cpp/qgis_1.0.2/build && $(MAKE) -f src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/build.make src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/qgsgenericprojectionselector.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
qgsgenericprojectionselector.s:
	cd /Users/bhattgopal/dev/cpp/qgis_1.0.2/build && $(MAKE) -f src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/build.make src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/qgsgenericprojectionselector.s

# target to build an object file
qgsmapcanvas.o:
	cd /Users/bhattgopal/dev/cpp/qgis_1.0.2/build && $(MAKE) -f src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/build.make src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/qgsmapcanvas.o

# target to preprocess a source file
qgsmapcanvas.i:
	cd /Users/bhattgopal/dev/cpp/qgis_1.0.2/build && $(MAKE) -f src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/build.make src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/qgsmapcanvas.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
qgsmapcanvas.s:
	cd /Users/bhattgopal/dev/cpp/qgis_1.0.2/build && $(MAKE) -f src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/build.make src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/qgsmapcanvas.s

# target to build an object file
qgsmapcanvasitem.o:
	cd /Users/bhattgopal/dev/cpp/qgis_1.0.2/build && $(MAKE) -f src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/build.make src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/qgsmapcanvasitem.o

# target to preprocess a source file
qgsmapcanvasitem.i:
	cd /Users/bhattgopal/dev/cpp/qgis_1.0.2/build && $(MAKE) -f src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/build.make src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/qgsmapcanvasitem.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
qgsmapcanvasitem.s:
	cd /Users/bhattgopal/dev/cpp/qgis_1.0.2/build && $(MAKE) -f src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/build.make src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/qgsmapcanvasitem.s

# target to build an object file
qgsmapcanvasmap.o:
	cd /Users/bhattgopal/dev/cpp/qgis_1.0.2/build && $(MAKE) -f src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/build.make src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/qgsmapcanvasmap.o

# target to preprocess a source file
qgsmapcanvasmap.i:
	cd /Users/bhattgopal/dev/cpp/qgis_1.0.2/build && $(MAKE) -f src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/build.make src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/qgsmapcanvasmap.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
qgsmapcanvasmap.s:
	cd /Users/bhattgopal/dev/cpp/qgis_1.0.2/build && $(MAKE) -f src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/build.make src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/qgsmapcanvasmap.s

# target to build an object file
qgsmapcanvassnapper.o:
	cd /Users/bhattgopal/dev/cpp/qgis_1.0.2/build && $(MAKE) -f src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/build.make src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/qgsmapcanvassnapper.o

# target to preprocess a source file
qgsmapcanvassnapper.i:
	cd /Users/bhattgopal/dev/cpp/qgis_1.0.2/build && $(MAKE) -f src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/build.make src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/qgsmapcanvassnapper.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
qgsmapcanvassnapper.s:
	cd /Users/bhattgopal/dev/cpp/qgis_1.0.2/build && $(MAKE) -f src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/build.make src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/qgsmapcanvassnapper.s

# target to build an object file
qgsmapoverviewcanvas.o:
	cd /Users/bhattgopal/dev/cpp/qgis_1.0.2/build && $(MAKE) -f src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/build.make src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/qgsmapoverviewcanvas.o

# target to preprocess a source file
qgsmapoverviewcanvas.i:
	cd /Users/bhattgopal/dev/cpp/qgis_1.0.2/build && $(MAKE) -f src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/build.make src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/qgsmapoverviewcanvas.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
qgsmapoverviewcanvas.s:
	cd /Users/bhattgopal/dev/cpp/qgis_1.0.2/build && $(MAKE) -f src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/build.make src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/qgsmapoverviewcanvas.s

# target to build an object file
qgsmaptip.o:
	cd /Users/bhattgopal/dev/cpp/qgis_1.0.2/build && $(MAKE) -f src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/build.make src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/qgsmaptip.o

# target to preprocess a source file
qgsmaptip.i:
	cd /Users/bhattgopal/dev/cpp/qgis_1.0.2/build && $(MAKE) -f src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/build.make src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/qgsmaptip.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
qgsmaptip.s:
	cd /Users/bhattgopal/dev/cpp/qgis_1.0.2/build && $(MAKE) -f src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/build.make src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/qgsmaptip.s

# target to build an object file
qgsmaptool.o:
	cd /Users/bhattgopal/dev/cpp/qgis_1.0.2/build && $(MAKE) -f src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/build.make src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/qgsmaptool.o

# target to preprocess a source file
qgsmaptool.i:
	cd /Users/bhattgopal/dev/cpp/qgis_1.0.2/build && $(MAKE) -f src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/build.make src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/qgsmaptool.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
qgsmaptool.s:
	cd /Users/bhattgopal/dev/cpp/qgis_1.0.2/build && $(MAKE) -f src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/build.make src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/qgsmaptool.s

# target to build an object file
qgsmaptoolemitpoint.o:
	cd /Users/bhattgopal/dev/cpp/qgis_1.0.2/build && $(MAKE) -f src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/build.make src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/qgsmaptoolemitpoint.o

# target to preprocess a source file
qgsmaptoolemitpoint.i:
	cd /Users/bhattgopal/dev/cpp/qgis_1.0.2/build && $(MAKE) -f src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/build.make src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/qgsmaptoolemitpoint.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
qgsmaptoolemitpoint.s:
	cd /Users/bhattgopal/dev/cpp/qgis_1.0.2/build && $(MAKE) -f src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/build.make src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/qgsmaptoolemitpoint.s

# target to build an object file
qgsmaptoolpan.o:
	cd /Users/bhattgopal/dev/cpp/qgis_1.0.2/build && $(MAKE) -f src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/build.make src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/qgsmaptoolpan.o

# target to preprocess a source file
qgsmaptoolpan.i:
	cd /Users/bhattgopal/dev/cpp/qgis_1.0.2/build && $(MAKE) -f src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/build.make src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/qgsmaptoolpan.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
qgsmaptoolpan.s:
	cd /Users/bhattgopal/dev/cpp/qgis_1.0.2/build && $(MAKE) -f src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/build.make src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/qgsmaptoolpan.s

# target to build an object file
qgsmaptoolzoom.o:
	cd /Users/bhattgopal/dev/cpp/qgis_1.0.2/build && $(MAKE) -f src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/build.make src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/qgsmaptoolzoom.o

# target to preprocess a source file
qgsmaptoolzoom.i:
	cd /Users/bhattgopal/dev/cpp/qgis_1.0.2/build && $(MAKE) -f src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/build.make src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/qgsmaptoolzoom.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
qgsmaptoolzoom.s:
	cd /Users/bhattgopal/dev/cpp/qgis_1.0.2/build && $(MAKE) -f src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/build.make src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/qgsmaptoolzoom.s

# target to build an object file
qgsmessageviewer.o:
	cd /Users/bhattgopal/dev/cpp/qgis_1.0.2/build && $(MAKE) -f src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/build.make src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/qgsmessageviewer.o

# target to preprocess a source file
qgsmessageviewer.i:
	cd /Users/bhattgopal/dev/cpp/qgis_1.0.2/build && $(MAKE) -f src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/build.make src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/qgsmessageviewer.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
qgsmessageviewer.s:
	cd /Users/bhattgopal/dev/cpp/qgis_1.0.2/build && $(MAKE) -f src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/build.make src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/qgsmessageviewer.s

# target to build an object file
qgsprojectionselector.o:
	cd /Users/bhattgopal/dev/cpp/qgis_1.0.2/build && $(MAKE) -f src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/build.make src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/qgsprojectionselector.o

# target to preprocess a source file
qgsprojectionselector.i:
	cd /Users/bhattgopal/dev/cpp/qgis_1.0.2/build && $(MAKE) -f src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/build.make src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/qgsprojectionselector.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
qgsprojectionselector.s:
	cd /Users/bhattgopal/dev/cpp/qgis_1.0.2/build && $(MAKE) -f src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/build.make src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/qgsprojectionselector.s

# target to build an object file
qgsquickprint.o:
	cd /Users/bhattgopal/dev/cpp/qgis_1.0.2/build && $(MAKE) -f src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/build.make src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/qgsquickprint.o

# target to preprocess a source file
qgsquickprint.i:
	cd /Users/bhattgopal/dev/cpp/qgis_1.0.2/build && $(MAKE) -f src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/build.make src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/qgsquickprint.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
qgsquickprint.s:
	cd /Users/bhattgopal/dev/cpp/qgis_1.0.2/build && $(MAKE) -f src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/build.make src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/qgsquickprint.s

# target to build an object file
qgsrubberband.o:
	cd /Users/bhattgopal/dev/cpp/qgis_1.0.2/build && $(MAKE) -f src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/build.make src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/qgsrubberband.o

# target to preprocess a source file
qgsrubberband.i:
	cd /Users/bhattgopal/dev/cpp/qgis_1.0.2/build && $(MAKE) -f src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/build.make src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/qgsrubberband.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
qgsrubberband.s:
	cd /Users/bhattgopal/dev/cpp/qgis_1.0.2/build && $(MAKE) -f src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/build.make src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/qgsrubberband.s

# target to build an object file
qgsvertexmarker.o:
	cd /Users/bhattgopal/dev/cpp/qgis_1.0.2/build && $(MAKE) -f src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/build.make src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/qgsvertexmarker.o

# target to preprocess a source file
qgsvertexmarker.i:
	cd /Users/bhattgopal/dev/cpp/qgis_1.0.2/build && $(MAKE) -f src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/build.make src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/qgsvertexmarker.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
qgsvertexmarker.s:
	cd /Users/bhattgopal/dev/cpp/qgis_1.0.2/build && $(MAKE) -f src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/build.make src/gui/CMakeFiles/qgis_gui.dir/qgsvertexmarker.s

# Help Target
help::
	@echo "The following are some of the valid targets for this Makefile:"
	@echo "... all (the default if no target is provided)"
	@echo "... clean"
	@echo "... depend"
	@echo "... edit_cache"
	@echo "... install"
	@echo "... install/local"
	@echo "... list_install_components"
	@echo "... package"
	@echo "... package_source"
	@echo "... qgis_gui"
	@echo "... rebuild_cache"
	@echo "... moc_qgisinterface.o"
	@echo "... moc_qgisinterface.i"
	@echo "... moc_qgisinterface.s"
	@echo "... moc_qgscomposerview.o"
	@echo "... moc_qgscomposerview.i"
	@echo "... moc_qgscomposerview.s"
	@echo "... moc_qgsdetaileditemdelegate.o"
	@echo "... moc_qgsdetaileditemdelegate.i"
	@echo "... moc_qgsdetaileditemdelegate.s"
	@echo "... moc_qgsdetaileditemwidget.o"
	@echo "... moc_qgsdetaileditemwidget.i"
	@echo "... moc_qgsdetaileditemwidget.s"
	@echo "... moc_qgsencodingfiledialog.o"
	@echo "... moc_qgsencodingfiledialog.i"
	@echo "... moc_qgsencodingfiledialog.s"
	@echo "... moc_qgsgenericprojectionselector.o"
	@echo "... moc_qgsgenericprojectionselector.i"
	@echo "... moc_qgsgenericprojectionselector.s"
	@echo "... moc_qgsmapcanvas.o"
	@echo "... moc_qgsmapcanvas.i"
	@echo "... moc_qgsmapcanvas.s"
	@echo "... moc_qgsmapoverviewcanvas.o"
	@echo "... moc_qgsmapoverviewcanvas.i"
	@echo "... moc_qgsmapoverviewcanvas.s"
	@echo "... moc_qgsmaptoolemitpoint.o"
	@echo "... moc_qgsmaptoolemitpoint.i"
	@echo "... moc_qgsmaptoolemitpoint.s"
	@echo "... moc_qgsmessageviewer.o"
	@echo "... moc_qgsmessageviewer.i"
	@echo "... moc_qgsmessageviewer.s"
	@echo "... moc_qgsprojectionselector.o"
	@echo "... moc_qgsprojectionselector.i"
	@echo "... moc_qgsprojectionselector.s"
	@echo "... moc_qgsquickprint.o"
	@echo "... moc_qgsquickprint.i"
	@echo "... moc_qgsquickprint.s"
	@echo "... qgisgui.o"
	@echo "... qgisgui.i"
	@echo "... qgisgui.s"
	@echo "... qgisinterface.o"
	@echo "... qgisinterface.i"
	@echo "... qgisinterface.s"
	@echo "... qgscolorbutton.o"
	@echo "... qgscolorbutton.i"
	@echo "... qgscolorbutton.s"
	@echo "... qgscomposerview.o"
	@echo "... qgscomposerview.i"
	@echo "... qgscomposerview.s"
	@echo "... qgscursors.o"
	@echo "... qgscursors.i"
	@echo "... qgscursors.s"
	@echo "... qgsdetaileditemdata.o"
	@echo "... qgsdetaileditemdata.i"
	@echo "... qgsdetaileditemdata.s"
	@echo "... qgsdetaileditemdelegate.o"
	@echo "... qgsdetaileditemdelegate.i"
	@echo "... qgsdetaileditemdelegate.s"
	@echo "... qgsdetaileditemwidget.o"
	@echo "... qgsdetaileditemwidget.i"
	@echo "... qgsdetaileditemwidget.s"
	@echo "... qgsencodingfiledialog.o"
	@echo "... qgsencodingfiledialog.i"
	@echo "... qgsencodingfiledialog.s"
	@echo "... qgsfiledropedit.o"
	@echo "... qgsfiledropedit.i"
	@echo "... qgsfiledropedit.s"
	@echo "... qgsgenericprojectionselector.o"
	@echo "... qgsgenericprojectionselector.i"
	@echo "... qgsgenericprojectionselector.s"
	@echo "... qgsmapcanvas.o"
	@echo "... qgsmapcanvas.i"
	@echo "... qgsmapcanvas.s"
	@echo "... qgsmapcanvasitem.o"
	@echo "... qgsmapcanvasitem.i"
	@echo "... qgsmapcanvasitem.s"
	@echo "... qgsmapcanvasmap.o"
	@echo "... qgsmapcanvasmap.i"
	@echo "... qgsmapcanvasmap.s"
	@echo "... qgsmapcanvassnapper.o"
	@echo "... qgsmapcanvassnapper.i"
	@echo "... qgsmapcanvassnapper.s"
	@echo "... qgsmapoverviewcanvas.o"
	@echo "... qgsmapoverviewcanvas.i"
	@echo "... qgsmapoverviewcanvas.s"
	@echo "... qgsmaptip.o"
	@echo "... qgsmaptip.i"
	@echo "... qgsmaptip.s"
	@echo "... qgsmaptool.o"
	@echo "... qgsmaptool.i"
	@echo "... qgsmaptool.s"
	@echo "... qgsmaptoolemitpoint.o"
	@echo "... qgsmaptoolemitpoint.i"
	@echo "... qgsmaptoolemitpoint.s"
	@echo "... qgsmaptoolpan.o"
	@echo "... qgsmaptoolpan.i"
	@echo "... qgsmaptoolpan.s"
	@echo "... qgsmaptoolzoom.o"
	@echo "... qgsmaptoolzoom.i"
	@echo "... qgsmaptoolzoom.s"
	@echo "... qgsmessageviewer.o"
	@echo "... qgsmessageviewer.i"
	@echo "... qgsmessageviewer.s"
	@echo "... qgsprojectionselector.o"
	@echo "... qgsprojectionselector.i"
	@echo "... qgsprojectionselector.s"
	@echo "... qgsquickprint.o"
	@echo "... qgsquickprint.i"
	@echo "... qgsquickprint.s"
	@echo "... qgsrubberband.o"
	@echo "... qgsrubberband.i"
	@echo "... qgsrubberband.s"
	@echo "... qgsvertexmarker.o"
	@echo "... qgsvertexmarker.i"
	@echo "... qgsvertexmarker.s"



#=============================================================================
# Special targets to cleanup operation of make.

# Special rule to run CMake to check the build system integrity.
# No rule that depends on this can have commands that come from listfiles
# because they might be regenerated.
cmake_check_build_system:
	cd /Users/bhattgopal/dev/cpp/qgis_1.0.2/build && $(CMAKE_COMMAND) -H$(CMAKE_SOURCE_DIR) -B$(CMAKE_BINARY_DIR) --check-build-system CMakeFiles/Makefile.cmake 0

